[BE-359] Add error handling to the sendVariableValues EngineReportingOption (#3049)
apollographql/apollo-server: docs/source/api/apollo-server.md

    - `{ none: true }`: Don't send any variable values. **(DEFAULT)**
    - `{ all: true }`: Send all variable values.

>     - `{ transform: ({ variables, operationString}) => { ... } }`: A custom function for modifying variable values. Keys added by the custom function will be removed, and keys removed will be added back with an empty value. If an error is thrown from this function, all variable values will be changed to an error message. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `{ transform: ({ variables, operationString}) => { ... } }`: A custom function for modifying variable values. Keys added by the custom function will be removed, and keys removed will be added back with an empty value.  For security reasons, if an error occurs within this function, all variable values will be replaced with `[PREDICATE_FUNCTION_ERROR]`. 
```
